Don't tell users to set an SSH password (#148)
MetOffice/git-novice: learners/setup.md

```

Now you will be prompted for a passphrase.

> Do *not* set a password; press enter to leave this field blank.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do **not** set a passphrase; press enter to leave this field blank.
If you specify a passphrase,
you will need to enter your passphrase frequently when interacting with GitHub.
```

Are we ok with this which adds the line of justification also used in our GitHub docs? @wxtim
